---
layout: post
title:  "The Why"
date:   2019-10-12 12:08:05 +0200
categories: trivia
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
Some years ago, I quit my job and founded a business because a friend of mine convinced me of a better life. 
Even though it would be in the same industry and mainly doing the same things I have always done, 
it was very frightening to me. 
I had to leave the safety of a permanent full-time job and start something on my own. 

#### But how does this relate to writing a blog?
<!--more-->
It is not directly related nor the cause in any particular sense. But at that time, this friend was 
the straw that broke the camel's back and pushed me through the door.

#### Today something very similar happened again.

Tom, a good friend, neighbour and former co-worker for an extended part of my life got this once-in-a-lifetime 
opportunity. He was invited to start working for the world-famous company Atlassian. 
Only catch: he had to emigrate to the other side of the world, Sydney, Australia.

What would you do to stay in touch and handle this freaky distance?
Yes, you start a blog. No, not this kind of thingy. 

#### I always wanted to write a blog about my work. 
Write about all those exciting things that happen on the go, 
regarding technology, problems that came along, and how they can be solved (in my humble opinion).

As we both have very similar jobs, and Tom already runs a blog, what could be more natural and straightforward 
than the idea to finally create my blog.
This way, we both can read about what inspires the other and can save more time in our presumably rare and probably 
short online meetings. 

Although we might observe a drastically boost in frequency and length, because of his relocation to Australia.
He is a morning person, I am a night owl, and Australia is nine hours ahead :-D. 
Hence, timezones are on our side and put us in the sweet spot for our habits.

Furthermore, I observed that teaching stuff and interact with other people helps me to understand the subject better for myself — 
another good argument to write and the reason why I am a big fan of pair programming and code reviews.

#### But enough about the 'Why' I will write. What can you expect from this blog?

I adore Agile and embrace the Cloud, and by the time Tom will wake up tomorrow in Sydney, 
my blog has to be online. 

Because of these hard facts, this blog has to start without all this fancy stuff. 
Just plain 'jekyll new blog' served from GitHub-Pages.
However, it will grow from Sprint to Sprint, gather features and hopefully, is only the birth of a legendary voyage.

Await groundbreaking posts about AWS (maybe Cloudfront, Lambda), Java, Kotlin, TypeScript, GPDR, blah-blah-blah.
And as a matter of course, I will correct all of the significant flaws Tom has published in his posts.
I prophesy he will either stop making mistakes or start fixing mine or even both because we start a flame war 
'over the top' vs 'down under'.

That's it for now and while you are at it and like the way I write: 
Hit that 'subscribe-button' for my mailing list! 
Ups forgot that this feature is not ready :-), so stay tuned.

<br>

---

You don't know Tom's blog already? And want to learn something about Java, Spring Boot or generally Software Craft? 
Head over to [www.reflectoring.org][reflectoring]. 
You must give it a try; it is undoubtedly worthwhile your time.

[reflectoring]: https://reflectoring.io/
